Q.7)What is DML compiler in SQL ?
Ans. A DML (data manipulation language) refers to a computer programming language that allows you to add (insert), delete (delete), and alter (update) data in a database. A DML is typically a sublanguage of a larger database language like SQL, with the DML containing some of the language’s operators. A DML (data manipulation language) is a group of computer languages that provide commands for manipulating data in databases.

 Syntax:
INSERT INTO NAME_OF_TABLE (1_column, 2_column, 3_column, …. N_column)

VALUES (1_value, 2_value, 3_value, …. N_value);

Or

INSERT INTO NAME_OF_TABLE

VALUES (1_value, 2_value, 3_value, …. N_value);

Q.8) What is SQL key Constraints writing an example of SQL key constraits?
Ans. SQL constraints are used to specify rules for the data in a table. Constraints are used to limit the type of data that can go into a table. This ensures the accuracy and reliability of the data in the table. If there is any violation between the constraint and the data action, the action is aborted.
 SQL constraints are used to specify rules for the data in a table.

Constraints are used to limit the type of data that can go into a table. This ensures the accuracy and reliability of the data in the table. If there is any violation between the constraint and the data action, the action is aborted.

Constraints can be column level or table level. Column level constraints apply to a column, and table level constraints apply to the whole table.

The following constraints are commonly used in SQL:

NOT NULL - Ensures that a column cannot have a NULL value
UNIQUE - Ensures that all values in a column are different
PRIMARY KEY - A combination of a NOT NULL and UNIQUE. Uniquely identifies each row in a table
FOREIGN KEY - Prevents actions that would destroy links between tables
CHECK - Ensures that the values in a column satisfies a specific condition
DEFAULT - Sets a default value for a column if no value is specified
CREATE INDEX - Used to create and retrieve data from the database very quickly